# WaterIntake
Build me a website that gives you your water consumption for the day. At the beginning the user views a page where they enter an email and password to sign up. This is then logged into the database and saved until the user decides to delete their account. The user is then presented with a goal screen where they choose a goal of gallons of water per day in usage. There will be an interactive box with a slider ranging from 800 gallons of water per day to 2000 gallons per day. The user will then need to answer a short quiz. All questions include a blue background and white rounded squares to answer questions with. Keep the data from these questions stored under the account for this person and log it in the database, it will be used later. The first question being "Choose the following water appliances in your house that are low flow.". There will be 4 answer choices that are multiple choice located under the question in small, rounded rectangles. The answer choices are "Kitchen Sink", "Bathroom Sink", "Showerhead", and "Toilet". The participant can choose as many choices as possible or none. The second question is "Do you have a greywater system?". The answer choices will be "Yes" and "No". Keep the small rectangle format. The third question is "How many baths do you take per month?" The answer choice will be a slider ranging from 0 to 30. The fourth question will be "Do you use a dishwasher to wash the dishes and if so is it energy efficient?" The answer choices will be "Yes, It is energy efficient", "Yes, it is not energy efficient" and "No", go back to the small rectangle format. If the participant answers "Yes, It is energy efficient" or "Yes, it is not energy efficient" their fifth question will be "How often do you use the dishwasher per month?" The answer choice will be a slider ranging from 0 to 60. If the participant said "No" to the fourth question they will be transported directly to the sixth question. The sixth question will be "Do you use a washing machine to do your laundry, and if so is it energy efficient?" The answer choices will be "Yes, It is energy efficient", "Yes, It isn't energy efficient", and "No". If the participant says "Yes, It is energy efficient" or "Yes, It isn't energy efficient" to the sixth question then their seventh question will be "How often do you do the laundry per month?" The answer will be a slider from 0 to 15. If the participant said no to the sixth question, then they will be transported directly to the eighth question. The eighth question will be "Do you have a lawn or garden that you water?" The answer choices will be "Yes" and "No". If the participant's answer is "Yes" to the eighth question they will be transported to the ninth question which will be "How much land do you water in square feet?" The answer will be a slider from 0 to 43,560 They will then be transported to the tenth question which is "How many times do you water your lawn per month" and the answer will be a slider from 0 to 30. If the participant said "No" to the eighth question then they will be transported directly to the eleventh question. The eleventh question will be "Do you have a swimming pool?" The answer choices will be "Yes" and "No". The twelfth question will be "How do you wash your car?" The answer choices will be "A garden hose at home", "A drive through car wash", "A self-service car wash", and "I don't have a car". If the participant answers any choice except for "I don't have a car" then they will be transported to the thirteenth question which is "How often do you wash your car per month?" The answer will be a slider from 0 to 30. If the participant said "I don't have a car" to the twelfth question, then they are transported to the fourteenth question. The fourteenth question is “What percentage of your house’s energy is created at utility companies?” The answer will be a slider from 0 to 100. The fifteenth question will be “How much do you shop?” The answer choices will be “Shop for the basics”, “Like to shop”, and “I’m a shopping addict”. After this they are done with the quiz. The participant is then transported to the home page. The home page will have an interactive pie chart that has the water usage per day. They can hover over different areas to see where their water is being used. If the participant goes over their goal write “You failed to stay under your budget” in red under the pie chart. If the participant stays under their goal, write “You are doing great!! Keep it up!!” in green under the pie chart. How the pie chart gets its values will be explained later. Under the red or green text will be a button to retake the original quiz and under that will be a button to fill out the daily quiz that the participant can take every day. The daily quiz will reset the answers every day. The first question will be "How many minutes was your shower today?" The answer will be a slider from 0 to 120. The second question will be "How many minutes did your bathroom sink flow today?" The answer will be a slider from 0 to 60. The third question will be "How many minutes did your kitchen sink flow today?" The answer will be a slider from 0 to 60. The fourth question will be "How many times did you flush today?" The answer will be a slider from 0 to 20. The fifth question will be "How many gallons of water did you collect with a rain barrel today?” The answer will be an open ended box where the participant can put any number but they can only enter numbers. The sixth question will be “How many miles did you drive today using a gas car?” The answer will be a slider from 0 to 1000. The seventh question will be “How many sheets of paper did you recycle today?” The answer will be an open ended box where the participant can put any number but they can only enter numbers. The eighth question will be “How many grams of plastic did you recycle today?” The answer will be an open ended box where the participant can put any number but they can only enter numbers. The ninth question will be “How many grams of bottles and cans did you recycle today?” The answer will be an open ended box where the participant can put any number but they can only enter numbers. The tenth question will be “How many grams of veggies did you eat today?” The answer will be an open ended box where the participant can put any number but they can only enter numbers. The eleventh question will be “How many grams of meat did you eat today?” The answer will be an open ended box where the participant can put any number but they can only enter numbers. The twelfth question will be “How many grams of pet food did you use today?” The answer will be an open ended box where the participant can put any number but they can only enter numbers. After this they are done and will be sent back to the home page. For the first quiz the pie chart will already be at a set amount. This amount stays the same everyday and doesn’t go off of the pie chart. It is a base amount. For the original quiz the values will go as the following: 
Question 2: If the participant answered yes, subtract 63 from the total gallons that go into the pie chart.
Question 3: The y-value will be the number going into the pie chart and the x value will be the number that the participant chooses on the slider. Use the equation y=(80x)/30. Add this to the total gallons.
Question 4 and 5: If the participant said “Yes, It is energy efficient” in question 4 then take the value from question 5 and use the equation y=(4x)/30 where the x-value represents the number they choose from question 5 and the y value represents the total gallons that is added to the pie chart. If the participant said “Yes, It is not energy efficient” in question 4 then take the value from question 5 and use the equation y=(10x)/30 where the x-value represents the number they choose from question 5 and the y value represents the total gallons that is added to the pie chart. If the participant answered “No” on question 4 then don't do anything for this part.
Question 6 and 7: If the participant said “Yes, It is energy efficient” in question 6 then take the value from question 7 and use the equation y=(14x)/30 where the x-value represents the number they choose from question 7 and the y value represents the total gallons that is added to the pie chart. If the participant said “Yes, It is not energy efficient” in question 6 then take the value from question 7 and use the equation y=(20x)/30 where the x-value represents the number they choose from question 7 and the y value represents the total gallons that is added to the pie chart. If the participant answered “No” on question 6 then don't do anything for this part.
Questions 8, 9, and 10: If the participant answered “Yes” on question 8 then take the value from questions 9 and 10 and use the equation y=(0.623xz)/30 where the x-value represents the number they choose from question 9, the z-value represents the question they chose from number 10 and the y value represents the total gallons that is added to the pie chart.If the participant answered “No” on question 8 then don't do anything for this part.
Question 11: If the participant answered “Yes” to this question then add 65 to the pie chart value. If the participant answered “No” to this question then don't do anything for this part.
Questions 12 and 13: If the participant answered, "A garden hose at home" for question 12 then take the value from question 13 and use the equation y=(100x)/30 where the x-value represents the number they choose from question 13 and the y value represents the total gallons that is added to the pie chart. If the participant answered, "A drive through car wash" for question 12 then take the value from question 13 and use the equation y=(35x)/30 where the x-value represents the number they choose from question 13 and the y value represents the total gallons that is added to the pie chart, If the participant answered, "A self-service car wash" for question 12 then take the value from question 13 and use the equation y=(17x)/30 where the x-value represents the number they choose from question 13 and the y value represents the total gallons that is added to the pie chart. If the participant answered, “I don’t have a car” for question 12 then do nothing for this part.
Question 14: The y-value will be the number going into the pie chart and the x value will be the number that the participant chooses on the slider. Use the equation y=(0.34x). Add this to the total gallons.
Question 15: If the participant answered “Shop for the basics” to this question then add 291 to the pie chart value. If the participant answered “Like to shop” to this question then add 583 to the pie chart value. If the participant answered “I’m a shopping addict” to this question then add 1000 to the pie chart value.
Remember this is a value that will never leave the pie chart. The pie chart will start with this value every day. If the participant retakes the quiz use the most recent values. Also remember these questions are only for the first quiz that the participant takes. Next is the daily quiz. These values will reset every day at midnight. For the daily quiz the values will go as the following:
Question 1: If the participant selected “Showerhead" on question 1 on the original quiz then take the value from question 1 on the daily quiz and use the equation y=(1.8x) where the x-value represents the number they choose from question 1 on the daily quiz and the y value represents the total gallons that is added to the pie chart. If the participant did not select “Showerhead" on question 1 on the original quiz then take the value from question 1 on the daily quiz and use the equation y=(2.5x) where the x-value represents the number they choose from question 1 on the daily quiz and the y value represents the total gallons that is added to the pie chart.
Question 2: If the participant selected “Bathroom Sink" on question 1 on the original quiz then take the value from question 2 on the daily quiz and use the equation y=(1.5x) where the x-value represents the number they choose from question 2 on the daily quiz and the y value represents the total gallons that is added to the pie chart. If the participant did not select “Bathroom Sink" on question 1 on the original quiz then take the value from question 2 on the daily quiz and use the equation y=(2.2x) where the x-value represents the number they choose from question 2 on the daily quiz and the y value represents the total gallons that is added to the pie chart.
Question 3: If the participant selected “Kitchen Sink" on question 1 on the original quiz then take the value from question 3 on the daily quiz and use the equation y=(1.5x) where the x-value represents the number they choose from question 3 on the daily quiz and the y value represents the total gallons that is added to the pie chart. If the participant did not select “Kitchen Sink" on question 1 on the original quiz then take the value from question 3 on the daily quiz and use the equation y=(2.2x) where the x-value represents the number they choose from question 3 on the daily quiz and the y value represents the total gallons that is added to the pie chart.
Question 4: If the participant selected “Toilet" on question 1 on the original quiz then take the value from question 4 on the daily quiz and use the equation y=(1.6x) where the x-value represents the number they choose from question 4 on the daily quiz and the y value represents the total gallons that is added to the pie chart. If the participant did not select “Toilet" on question 1 on the original quiz then take the value from question 4 on the daily quiz and use the equation y=(3.5x) where the x-value represents the number they choose from question 4 on the daily quiz and the y value represents the total gallons that is added to the pie chart.
Question 5: Subtract whatever value the participant puts in for this question from the total value that goes into the pie chart.
Question 6: Take the value from question 6 on the daily quiz and use the equation y=(0.165x) where the x-value represents the number they choose from question 6 on the daily quiz and the y value represents the total gallons that is added to the pie chart.
Question 7: Take the value from question 7 on the daily quiz and use the equation y=(0.04x) where the x-value represents the number they choose from question 7 on the daily quiz and the y value represents the total gallons that is added to the pie chart.
Question 8: Take the value from question 8 on the daily quiz and use the equation y=(0.03x) where the x-value represents the number they choose from question 8 on the daily quiz and the y value represents the total gallons. Subtract the y value from the pie chart.
Question 9: Take the value from question 9 on the daily quiz and use the equation y=(0.03x) where the x-value represents the number they choose from question 9 on the daily quiz and the y value represents the total gallons. Subtract the y value from the pie chart.
Question 10: Take the value from question 10 on the daily quiz and use the equation y=(0.085x) where the x-value represents the number they choose from question 10 on the daily quiz and the y value represents the total gallons that is added to the pie chart.
Question 11: Take the value from question 11 on the daily quiz and use the equation y=(2x) where the x-value represents the number they choose from question 11 on the daily quiz and the y value represents the total gallons that is added to the pie chart.
Question 12: Take the value from question 12 on the daily quiz and use the equation y=(0.7x) where the x-value represents the number they choose from question 12 on the daily quiz and the y value represents the total gallons that is added to the pie chart.
Remember the values from the second quiz reset to 0 every day. Also make sure to make the website look aesthetic and use colors that match. Also add small gifs and cartoons wherever possible.
